Week 1

Group formed. I created Jira account and joined the Jira and Github groups. 
I discussed with group members which project topic to choose, and available software tools.

Week 2

I wrote the user story and learnt some knowledge about the technology we are going to use.
I also wrote some demo about font-end part to practice.
Next week, I plan to do the diagram for the software architecture.

Week 3

I wrote the system architecture diagram of the proposal. We had an group meeting about the project
assignment. I will do the font-end part in this project.
Next week, I plan to do the font-end of the user stories that we will do in the first sprint.

Week4

I finished the front-end part which is assigned to me in the first sprint. some part of them cannot connet
with the back-end part, so I will solve this problem in next week. Also, I will go into the second sprint.

Week5

We finished our first progressive demo (A), and our group had a meeting about the Retrospective.
Through the meeting, we know what should be improved in the next sprint, and also we make it clear how to complete
the sprint more efficiently. In the next week, we will continue to the second sprint.

Week6

In this week, we start the second sprint, and assgin the user stories to everyone. Before doing the 2nd sprint, 
we also had a meeting to discuss the data structure and some functions in 1st sprint that should be improved.
In the next week, we will do the third sprint to finish what 2nd sprint left and do some new functions as well.

Week7

We had the second Retrospective to review the last week work and make a plan about what to in the next week.
I complete the follow and block button action part and comment, thumbs up and down to other reviews part.
In the next week, we will do the fourth sprint.

Week8

We finished our second progressive demo (B) and our group also had a meeting after the demo. We conclude that what did well,
what didn't well, try to do and how about the previous 'try to do'. We have completed the whole structrue of the filmfinder
project, the next we will do is to care about the detail and test. In the next week, we will do the fifth sprint.
